Fix origin remote and config file lookup errors (#191)
nickgerace/gfold: README.md

  neloth@solstheimcommunityserver.org
```

> The classic display mode can be toggled with `-d classic`.

Author: ```suggestion
Want the classic display mode? Use `-d classic`.
```

$HOME/.config/gfold.toml
```

On Windows, the lookup path will be in a similar location.

```powershell
{FOLDERID_Profile}\.config\gfold.toml
```

Creating and using the config file is entirely optional.

> Let's say you created a config file, but wish to execute `gfold` with entirely different settings and want to ensure you do not accidentally use it.

Author: ```suggestion
Let's say you created a config file, but wish to execute `gfold` with entirely different settings and want to ensure you do not accidentally inherit options set within the config file.
```

> In that scenario you can ignore your config file at using the `-i` flag.

Author: ```suggestion
In that scenario you can ignore your config file by using the `-i` flag.
```

```bash
gfold -i
```

For config file creation, you can use the `--dry-run` flag to print valid TOML.

> Here is an example creation workflow for a config file on macOS, Linux and similar operating systems:

Author: ```suggestion
Here is an example config file creation workflow on macOS, Linux and similar operating systems:
```

```bash
gfold -d classic -c never ~/ --dry-run > $HOME/.config/gfold.toml
```

> This config file will default to the classic display mode, never print colors, and set the default path to `$HOME` (rather than the current working directory).

Author: ```suggestion
This config file will default to the classic display mode, never print colors, and set the default path to `$HOME`.
```
